1. Generic structure for an AWS IoT Core rule description:
 {
      "ruleArn": "arn:aws:iot:us-east-1:109043899433:rule/MycarOilRule",
      "rule": {
        "ruleName": "R1",
        "actions": [
          {
            "lambda": {
              "functionArn": "arn:aws:lambda:us-east-1:109043899433:function:L6"
            }
          }
        ],
        "createdAt": 1655116302.0,
        "sql": "SELECT A1, A2 FROM \"T1\"",
        "awsIotSqlVersion": "2016-03-23",
        "ruleDisabled": false
      }
    }


In AWS IoT Core, you can create rules to process and route messages generated by IoT devices. 
The structure of IoT Core rule descriptions in AWS typically follows a specific format. 

Rule Name:
A unique identifier for the rule within your AWS IoT Core account.

Description:
A brief description or summary of what the rule is intended to do.
Rule Query Statement:

AWS IoT Core rules use an SQL-like syntax to define the conditions that trigger the rule. 
This section includes the rule query statement, which specifies the conditions for matching incoming messages. 
For example:

sql: SELECT * FROM 'topic/topicName' WHERE condition

Rule Actions: Specify the actions to be taken when the rule query statement matches incoming messages. 
AWS IoT Core provides several built-in actions and allows you to create custom actions. 

Common actions include:
Sending the message to an AWS Lambda function.
Publishing the message to an MQTT topic.
Saving the message to an Amazon S3 bucket.
Forwarding the message to another AWS IoT rule.

Destination:If the rule action involves forwarding or publishing messages, specify the destination or target. 
This can be an AWS resource like an S3 bucket or an SNS topic, or it can be another AWS IoT rule.

SQL Version:
Specify the version of the SQL query language used in the rule statement (e.g., "2016-03-23" for the AWS IoT SQL version).

Rule SQL Syntax Version:
If applicable, specify the version of the SQL syntax used in the rule statement (e.g., "beta").

Rule Disabled/Enabled:
Indicate whether the rule is currently enabled or disabled. You can toggle this to control whether the rule is active.

Rule Error Action (Optional):
Define an action to be taken if an error occurs while processing the rule. T
his can include republishing the message to another topic or invoking an AWS Lambda function to handle errors.
Rule Variables (Optional):

If you're using rule variables in your SQL statement, document them here for clarity.
Tags (Optional):

You can attach tags to your rules to help categorize and manage them. Include any relevant tags here.
IAM Role/Permissions:

Specify the IAM role that grants the rule the necessary permissions to perform its actions, 
such as invoking Lambda functions or writing to S3 buckets.
Rule Versioning (Optional):


